README.md, before:

# Agent Statuette

A Next.js project for [brief project description].

## Prerequisites

- Node.js 18+ 
- pnpm (recommended) or npm

## Setup

1. Clone the repository:
```bash
git clone [your-repo-url]
cd agent-statuette
```

2. Install dependencies:
```bash
pnpm install
```

3. Set up environment variables:
```bash
cp .env.example .env.local
```
Then edit `.env.local` with your configuration values.

## Development

Run the development server:

```bash
pnpm dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

## Project Structure

- `src/` - Application source code
- `public/` - Static assets
- `src/app/` - Next.js 13+ App Router pages and components

## Environment Variables

Copy `.env.example` to `.env.local` and fill in the required values:

Required environment variables:
[List your required env variables here]

## Contributing

1. Fork the repository
2. Create your feature branch (`git checkout -b feature/amazing-feature`)
3. Commit your changes (`git commit -m 'Add some amazing feature'`)
4. Push to the branch (`git push origin feature/amazing-feature`)
5. Open a Pull Request

## License

[Your chosen license]

Commit message:

docs: update README with project description and AgentKit information

README.md, after:

# Agent Statuette

This Project uses AgentKit – CDP’s best-in-class toolkit for building AI Agents.

AgentStatuette want to make people's life easier with AI Agents.

The idea is from CryptoStatuette, Base Global Community Builder #001, who is very active on Twitter, Farcaster, Telegram, Discord, etc. and has a lot of Onchain activities.

## Prerequisites

- Node.js 18+ 
- pnpm (recommended) or npm

## Setup

1. Clone the repository:
```bash
git clone [your-repo-url]
cd agent-statuette
```

2. Install dependencies:
```bash
pnpm install
```

3. Set up environment variables:
```bash
cp .env.example .env.local
```
Then edit `.env.local` with your configuration values.

## Development

Run the development server:

```bash
pnpm dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

## Project Structure

- `src/` - Application source code
- `public/` - Static assets
- `src/app/` - Next.js 13+ App Router pages and components

## Environment Variables

Copy `.env.example` to `.env.local` and fill in the required values:

Required environment variables:
[List your required env variables here]

## Contributing

1. Fork the repository
2. Create your feature branch (`git checkout -b feature/amazing-feature`)
3. Commit your changes (`git commit -m 'Add some amazing feature'`)
4. Push to the branch (`git push origin feature/amazing-feature`)
5. Open a Pull Request

## License

[Your chosen license]
